subsys: net: download_client rework (#17481)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.4.0.rst

* :ref:`lib_download_client` library:

>   * Added the :c:func:`download_client_get` function that combines the functionality of functions ``download_client_set_host``, :c:func:`download_client_start`, and ``download_client_disconnect``.

Reviewer: We normally don't edit the old release note. I could see these functions still defined in the doxygen - https://ncsdoc.z6.web.core.windows.net/PR-17481/nrf/doxygen/html/group__dl__client_ga9c6e4153ef22913ea5f57aa7aed884e7.html#ga9c6e4153ef22913ea5f57aa7aed884e7.
Hence, could be linked.
Any specific reason to update these ?

Author: No, it can be updated when the download client is removed.

  * Updated:

>     * The ``download_client_connect`` function has been refactored to :c:func:`download_client_connect` and made it non-blocking.

Reviewer 2: If some function is not available in an old release note, you should just remove the linking so document generation succeeds but the content should not be modified.

Like this:
```suggestion
    * The ``download_client_connect`` function has been refactored to ``download_client_set_host`` and made it non-blocking.
```

>     * The ``download_client_connect`` function has been refactored to :c:func:`download_client_connect` and made it non-blocking.

Author: 2.4.0 release notes updated. Initially they were changed by find and replace.
